---
  categories:
    -Blog
  title:  "June 18"
  hidden: true
  author_profile: false
---

Isn’t it remarkable how we consume so much content without taking even a few moments to reflect on it? 

 

Writing forces you to think about things that might have otherwise simply passed through your life, only touching your mind at the edges of the internet disposal pipe. I feel like the quality of my prose has deteriorated a bit compared to before, but that’s okay since I’m optimizing for not being such a perfectionist that I fail to post anything for six months. 

I saw a [petition to keep Dr. Stephen Hsu](https://slatestarcodex.com/2020/06/16/open-thread-156-25/) on Scott Alexander’s blog, and I was a little intimidated by how every other person signing it was a PhD, but I did my part. Oh, and you should stop reading my blog and check his posts out because he’s been putting quality stuff out consistently for years. Meanwhile, I’m a baby. The better choice is clear. 

Yes, this week I’ve been saying, “I’m a baby” after every minor screw up. It hasn’t gotten old yet.  

I don’t have class today, and I’m supposed to be practicing for our midterm next week, so I’ll try to spend this weekend on that. I saw an article about how [memory is not about the past](http://www.lettucebecereal.com/articles/memoryisnotaboutthepast). Essentially, forgetting is useful for learning.  Favorite quote: 

> Memory storage and recall is therefore attuned to the information structure of the environment. 

I have been thinking about how to better curate what content I consume (i.e, the information environment), which is part of the reason I mentioned the value of reflection in the first line of this post. If you read all my private diary entries, the primary impression you’ll get is, “wow, this kid whines a lot about wanting to spend less time on reddit”. Ah, but as an innocent infant child, I am still weak. 

I’d stopped checking the covid-19 statistics for a while, so I got curious today, and the situation in the UAE is looking pretty encouraging. Less than 14k active cases. The amount of damage done is still tragic, but we’re doing a good job fighting it and inShaAllah things will gradually return to normal. 

I’ll have to return to the driving institute to finish getting my license, but I’m scared of getting into a car due to the risk of being involved in a fatal or crippling accident. Can’t avoid it forever, but statistically crashes are the leading cause of death in my age range, with suicides being second. Makes me anxious. 

 I’ve been distracting myself with tax law, tech reviews, and music. Also, inertia and habit means I’m still reading [job seeking advice](https://medium.com/@yalbanna37/job-hunting-in-the-covid-19-mess-5c2f9fabe146) even though it isn’t a priority anymore. I don’t agree with everything in that article, but more in the sense of, “there’s minor tweaks I’d suggest for my field”, and less, “blatantly misleading”. 

Except for the suggestion to pick up stock trading. Now that’s just irresponsible.  

What else? [Hey.com](https://hey.com/the-hey-way/) promises to revolutionize email and is a great read. I might switch to them if I feel the same way in two weeks. Partially through listening to a podcast interview of John Collison (Stripe co-founder), I’ll write about that when I’m done. Oh, and I just discovered PyTorchLightning for the first time, so I’ll play with it when I’m bored of midterm prep. 

See ya! 
